=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Test::MockObject - Perl extension for emulating troublesome interfaces

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Test::MockObject;
  my $mock = Test::MockObject->new();
  $mock->set_true( 'somemethod' );
  ok( $mock->somemethod() );
 
  $mock->set_true( 'veritas')
       ->set_false( 'ficta' )
       ->set_series( 'amicae', 'Sunny', 'Kylie', 'Bella' );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

It's a simple program that doesn't use any other modules, and those are easy to
test.  More often, testing a program completely means faking up input to
another module, trying to coax the right output from something you're not
supposed to be testing anyway.
 
Testing is a lot easier when you can control the entire environment.  With
Test::MockObject, you can get a lot closer.
 
Test::MockObject allows you to create objects that conform to particular
interfaces with very little code.  You don't have to reimplement the behavior,
just the input and the output.

=head1 DOCUMENTATION

The full documentation for this module can be found at 
L<CPAN Search|http://search.cpan.org/dist/Test-MockObject>, 
L<MetaCPAN|http://www.metacpan.org/module/Test::MockObject>, 
or by running C<perldoc Test::MockObject> at the commandline.

=head1 AUTHOR

chromatic, E<lt>chromatic at wgz dot orgE<gt>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<perl>, L<Test::Tutorial>, L<Test::More>,
L<http:E<sol>E<sol>www.perl.comE<sol>pubE<sol>aE<sol>2001E<sol>12E<sol>04E<sol>testing.html>,
and
L<http:E<sol>E<sol>www.perl.comE<sol>pubE<sol>aE<sol>2002E<sol>07E<sol>10E<sol>tmo.html>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2002 - 2015 by chromatic E<lt>chromatic at wgz dot orgE<gt>.

This program is free software; you can use, modify, and redistribute it under
the same terms as Perl 5.10.x itself.

See http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html

=cut
